Hello welcome back to this second case study we already completed two important steps of our general
blueprint.
The first step was to build the whole environment into our environment class.
And the second step was to build Of course the brain the brain of the eye that is going to take as inputs
the state of the environment.
And that's where we turn the actions to play and more precisely it will return the q values of these
actions.
And so now now that we have the environment defined and that we have a brain.
Well time to implement the whole deal.
CUELLAR an algorithm with experience replay and this is an advanced version of the deep learning algorithm
and of course we we're going to implement the best version.
All right.
So I've prepared with me the deep Q learning algorithm the food process and so we're simply going to
follow this step by step to help us implement this the best way.
However you are going to see that some of the steps.
Like for example computing the last here will actually not be done in this document bytes and Vauvert
later on in the training.
All right.
So to warm us up let's get a quick refresher on the disappearing algorithm.
It is divided into two parts.
The first one is the initialization part where we have to initialize the memory of the experience replay
as an empty list and which which will call memory to be more specific than we will choose a maximum
size of the memory so this will be one of the object variables you know introduced and initialized in
the init method because of course we're going to build this db Q learning algorithm within a class or
we'll start with the init method and we will introduce initialises maximum size memory and then we'll
start in a first state but that's more to explain the beginning of the process and then the second part
which will be you know this whole loop in the training over the epochs too.
And each time they do wait in the direction that will reduce the last error between your predictions
returned by our brain and the target.
So this is where the whole real key learning process happens.
And so how does this start.
Well we start by predicting the q values of the current state then we'll play the action and we'll get
the reward then we'll reach the next stage.
And all these happenings will make a transition because transition is composed of the current state.
You know before we play the action the action played the we received.
And the next state reached to all this is a transition and this is what will be appended to the memory.
All right.
And and then you know we'll do some batched learning meaning that instead of back propagating a single
input and updating the weights based on the last error incurred by one prediction.
Well we're going to do that on a batch of prediction a batch of predictions and targets.
That's why here and this last step we will first get the predictions into a batch then the targets in
a separate batch the same size as the batch of the predictions and then we'll compute the last air between
the operations and the targets in that batch.
That's why we have some on the whole batch that is for all the couple of preditions and Target.
All right.
And then of course we will back propagate this total last area of the whole batch back into the new
network and through sarcastic graden descent.
We will use our optimizer to update the weights according to how much they contributed to the air that
is in the directions that will reduce this air.
All right.
So that was a quick refresher on the dequeue learning algorithm.
And now if you're ready Well let's implement it.
So I'm going to go back to bison we're quickly going to import the library that we need for this implementation.
And the good news is that we will only need non-Thai so important by adding the shortcut a..
Perfect.
So that was the introduction to start off for this new board the general framework.
And now in the next couple of tutorials I will highlight the structure of this new part of the steps
which still belong to the general framework and we'll implement together the whole deal killer algorithm
and then enjoy AI.